Update links to use clickable style (#11823)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/microservices-architecture/implement-resilient-applications/implement-resilient-entity-framework-core-sql-connections.md

  [https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/mvc/overview/getting-started/getting-started-with-ef-using-mvc/connection-resiliency-and-command-interception-with-the-entity-framework-in-an-asp-net-mvc-application](/aspnet/mvc/overview/getting-started/getting-started-with-ef-using-mvc/connection-resiliency-and-command-interception-with-the-entity-framework-in-an-asp-net-mvc-application)

- **Cesar de la Torre. Using Resilient Entity Framework Core SQL Connections and Transactions** \

>   <https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/cesardelatorre/2017/03/26/using-resilient-entity-framework-core-sql-connections-and-transactions-retries-with-exponential-backoff/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <https://devblogs.microsoft.com/cesardelatorre/using-resilient-entity-framework-core-sql-connections-and-transactions-retries-with-exponential-backoff/>
```
